are you really happy happiness is a
funny thing
you can go years without feeling
anything special but only later look
back and realize that it was the
happiest time of your life so where are
you now are you happy take this test to
find out and of course be sure to
subscribe and bring that notification
belt to join the bright side of life
that should definitely get you started
on your pursuit of happiness to
determine where you sit on the happiness
scale you'll need to pick a B or C for
12 simple questions
choose honestly even if you don't really
like this truth about yourself for each
of your answers you get a certain amount
of points you might want to grab a pen
and paper to keep track of your score
you'll need your total to find out your
results at the end of the test but
enough chitchat
it's time to start question number one
how would you describe your life a
fortunate I have tons of amazing
opportunities ahead of me and I'm very
grateful for that be unpredictable
I love being open to new adventures say
boring there's not much going on in my
life at the moment option a brings you
15 points for picking B you get 10
points and C gives you five points
question number two how do you feel in
the morning
a awful I just want to stay in my bed
for an eternity be a bit tired but give
me a cup of coffee and I'm good to go
C fantastic and exciting new day awaits
if option A describes you perfectly and
that'll be five points for you B is
worth 10 points an optimistic C leaves
you with 15 points
question number three do you meditate a
I've been planning on giving it a go I
heard it's incredible
B no I don't really have time for that
C absolutely I love connecting with
myself on a deeper level if your answer
is a here's your 10 points B brings you
five points and finally C equals 15
points question number four how much
time do you spend on social media a I'm
online all the time I love seeing what
everybody's up to be like five maybe six
hours a day C definitely two hours or
less I'm not a big fan of pointlessly
browsing the web hey we'll add five
points to your tally B leaves you with
10 points and C gives you a whopping 15
points question number 5 what's the
first thought that comes to your mind
whenever you face a serious problem a
why me B I've got this it's just another
challenge I need to overcome C well it's
annoying but no time for whining I have
to focus a is 5 points B gives you 15
points an option C will award you 10
points
question number six do you have a pet eh
sure I love my little furry friend
B no and I don't think I even want one C
not yet
but maybe someday if you went for option
a add 15 points to your score option B
is worth five points and C will give you
ten points question number seven how
often do you exercise a code and call it
exercise per se but I do like to get out
and walk in the park or just wander
around with my friends does that count
B I'd say pretty regularly maybe once a
week C at least two to three times a
week I do anything to look like those
models on Instagram picking a brings you
15 points B is 10 points this time and C
equals five points question number 8
what do you usually discuss with your
friends a our lives and feelings B
recent news and the latest gossip see
new ideas and adventures if it's a four
you add 10 more points to your score B
is worth five points and for picking
option C you get 15 points question
number 9 do you try to fit in whenever
you're with a new group of people a yes
I really want them to accept me B
sometimes I'll make an effort to click
with a couple of people in the group if
they seem super cool
C not really if they love me for me
great if not then they're simply not my
crowd if you picked a add five points to
your score B brings you ten points and
for C you get 15 points
question number 10 your friend gives you
a present you don't like at all what do
you do a keep it it was from the heart
right B gift it to somebody else maybe
it'll make them happy see ask for the
receipt and exchange it for something
else
after all I should enjoy my gifts don't
you think if a was your go-to option
here's your 15 points B is worth 10
points and C will get you just 5 points
this time question number 11 what's your
biggest aspiration in life a to have a
huge and loving family B to finally find
something I'm passionate about C to find
peace and confidence within myself if
it's a for you then give yourself 15
points picking B adds 10 points to your
score and you get 5 points for C
question number 12 you and your friend
take part in a lottery in the end your
friend wins a brand-new car and you wind
up winning 500 bucks how do you feel a
ecstatic for my friend and happy to have
some extra cash in my pocket be a bit
disappointed but hey maybe I'll get the
big prize next time C ticked off I mean
500 bucks versus a car that's just
unfair a adds 15 points to your score B
is 10 points and C gives you 5 points
that's it for the questions now count up
your tally and let's see your results if
you got 60 to 100 points you're rather
unhappy with your current life you don't
really feel complete and who you are and
that's why you often get self-conscious
jealous and annoyed if you really want
to find your happiness just start
looking do some soul-searching try to
figure out who you want to be as a
person and strive for that you have tons
of exceptional qualities the only
problem is that you don't let them shine
out of fear that you'll be judged it's
time to let that all go and show your
unique and beautiful personality to the
world believe me it'll bring you way
more happiness than you think
your result is 105 to 140 points you're
only steps away from your ultimate
happiness you are friendly laid-back and
spontaneous you love helping others and
spending time with the people you care
about most
so you're basically in the perfect
golden middle the only thing missing is
something you'd love to do for the rest
of your life you have tons of exciting
hobbies true but you still can't pick
this one thing that'll make you the
happiest person you could be just keep
on looking and don't give up on your
search it's not easy to find your true
passion but it's definitely worth the
effort and finally if your score is 145
points or more you certainly know what
happiness is you're one of those rare
types that light up the room and make
everybody around them feel better and
that's because you're content with
yourself and don't see others as your
competition challenges and problems
don't scare you they're here to teach
you a valuable lesson and you're
grateful for that but most importantly
you don't need anything special to be
happy this feeling is already inside you
and nobody can take it away you can
teach us all a thing or two about how to
find this ultimate happiness within
yourself keep doing what you do and
don't let your positive attitude and
smile fade away we need more cheerful
people like you in the world now it's
time to hear from you what do you think
makes a person truly happy tell us in
the comments below don't forget to give
this video a like share it with your
friends and click subscribe to stay on
the bright side
[Music]